feat(plugin-iceberg): Enable case-sensitive support for Iceberg Native(Rest, Hadoop, Nessie) catalogs (#28128)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

                                                        ``256MB``, ``1GB``). Supported units are: ``B`` (bytes),
                                                        ``kB`` (kilobytes), ``MB`` (megabytes), ``GB`` (gigabytes),
                                                        ``TB`` (terabytes), ``PB`` (petabytes).

``case-sensitive-name-matching``                        Enable case-sensitive identifier matching for the connector.  ``false``                          Yes

>                                                         'case-sensitive-name-matching=true' is not supported for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                        ``case-sensitive-name-matching=true`` is not supported for
```

>                                                         iceberg.catalog.type=HIVE"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                        ``iceberg.catalog.type=HIVE``.
```
